Install fork from the cli (#2990)
forkcms/forkcms: docs/01. installation/01. installation.md

## Step 3: Installation

You can install Fork CMS by running the command

    forkcms:install:install

In that case you will need to create a config file in `app/config/cli-install.yml` based on `app/config/cli-install.yml.dist`

For example

    config:
        database:
            hostname: db
            username: forkcms
            password: forkcms
            name:  forkcms
        language:
            multiLanguage: true
            languages:
                - en
                - nl
            defaultLanguage: en
        modules:
            install:
                - Localtion
                - FormBuilder

> You can set the email and password of the backend user in the yml config, pass it as an option or by answering the questions in the cli

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the email and password of the backend user in the yml config, pass it as an option or answer the questions in the cli
```

Author: fixed in ab3d83816

`bin/console forkcms:install:install --email=test@test.com --password=internet`

> But if you prefer to install Fork CMS in your browser you can use our installation wizard for that by surfing to your domain (this should forward you to the Fork CMS installer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But if you prefer to install Fork CMS in your browser, you can use our installation wizard for that by surfing to your domain (this should forward you to the Fork CMS installer).
```

Author: fixed in ab3d83816
